docs: add web3 docs (#35650)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/auth/auth-web3.mdx

Author: Add an example showing how to call `supabase.auth.updateUser()` to assign an email address to the user.

---
id: 'auth-web3'
title: 'Sign in with Web3'
subtitle: 'Use your Web3 wallet to authenticate users with Supabase'
---

[Enable Sign In with Web3](/dashboard/project/_/auth/providers) to allow users to sign in to your application using only their Web3 wallet.

Supported Web3 wallets:

- All Solana wallets
- Coming soon: All Ethereum wallets

## How does it work?

> Sign in with Web3 utilizes the [EIP 4361](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4361) standard to authenticate wallet addresses off-chain. This standard was also adopted by Solana ecosystem with some minor differences from Ethereum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sign in with Web3 utilizes the [EIP 4361](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4361) standard to authenticate wallet addresses off-chain. This standard is adopted by the Solana ecosystem with some minor differences from Ethereum.
```

Authentication works by asking the Web3 wallet application to sign a predefined message with the user's wallet. This message is parsed both by the Web3 wallet application and Supabase Auth to verify its validity and purpose, before creating a user account or session.

> The Web3 wallet application uses the information contained in the message to provide the user with a confirmation dialog whether they want to allow sign in with your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Web3 wallet application uses the information contained in the message to provide the user with a confirmation dialog, asking whether they want to allow sign in with your project.
```

Not all Web3 wallet applications show a dedicated confirmation dialog for these sign in messages. In that case the Web3 wallet shows a traditional message signature confirmation dialog.

### Potential for abuse

User accounts that sign in with their Web3 wallet will not have an email address or phone number associated with them. This can open your project to abuse as creating a Web3 wallet account is free and easy to automate and difficult to correlate with a real person's identity.

Control your project's exposure by setting up [Rate Limits for Web3](/dashboard/project/_/auth/rate-limits).

> Many wallet applications will warn the user if the message sent for signing is not coming from the page they are currently visiting. To further prevent your Supabase project from receiving signed messages destined for other applications, you will need to register your application's URL using the [Redirect URL settings](/docs/guides/auth/redirect-urls).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many wallet applications will warn the user if the message sent for signing is not coming from the page they are currently visiting. To further prevent your Supabase project from receiving signed messages destined for other applications, you must register your application's URL using the [Redirect URL settings](/docs/guides/auth/redirect-urls).
```

> Many wallet applications will warn the user if the message sent for signing is not coming from the page they are currently visiting. To further prevent your Supabase project from receiving signed messages destined for other applications, you will need to register your application's URL using the [Redirect URL settings](/docs/guides/auth/redirect-urls).

Reviewer 2: Redirect URL configuration in Supabase must end with `/` as the auth-js [uses](https://github.com/supabase/auth-js/blob/1bcb76e479e51cd9bca2d7732d0bf3199e07a693/src/GoTrueClient.ts#L667) the default `window.location.href` for the URI value. Also auth server [explicitly](https://github.com/supabase/auth/blob/066c53a36cbcb55f5563fd7dd4b6241a4c5f0919/internal/api/web3.go#L79-L86) checks it.

I think it's better to explicitly raise this in the docs (I spent a good few minutes on setting up this)

    wallet: window.phantom,
  })
  ```

</TabPanel>

<TabPanel id="adapter" label="Solana Wallet Adapter">

Although the `window.solana` global scope JavaScript API is an unofficial standard, there still are subtle differences between wallet applications. The Solana ecosystem has provided the [Solana Wallet Adapter](https://solana.com/developers/courses/intro-to-solana/interact-with-wallets#solanas-wallet-adapter) system based on the [Wallet Standard](https://github.com/wallet-standard/wallet-standard) to simplify ease of development.

The Supabase JavaScript Client Library supports signing in with this approach too. Follow the [Solana Interact with Wallets](https://solana.com/developers/courses/intro-to-solana/interact-with-wallets) guide on how to install and configure your application.

Below is a short example on using a `<SignInButton />` component that uses the `useWallet()` React hook to obtain the connected wallet and sign the user in with it:

```tsx
function SignInButton() {
  const wallet = useWallet()

  return (
    <>
      {wallet.connected ? (
        <button
          onClick={() => {
            supabase.auth.signInWithWeb3({
              chain: 'solana',

>               statement: 'I accept the terms of service at https://example.com/tos',

Author: ```suggestion
              statement: 'I accept the Terms of Service at https://example.com/tos',
```
